Let us start the story of Nochi Israel Oh!
When he dances as the world is moved here and there
In recoil He is awareness
Of the world'segree
As he hurt himself So is the hand there
And get his hand What a distributive
He lived in the small land under mountain Taki river when there was clear ramkadang and deep rivers.
They're infrastructural lands.
They've never been discovered and it's a cold island.
I see.
So when they come up no questions or no ac beter the nameless brothers no然
Now, I will divide Japan into two parts, and each country will have its own 33 countries.
The roles are the same. One will be the first, and the other will be the last.
The evidence of the two countries being the same should be the only evidence.
How will the words be shown?
The Shibata family, who are not in the same country,
I see.
Like the Tachigawa family, the roles are the same.
The country is the same. The brothers are the same.
One will be the first, and the other will be the last.
The evidence of the two countries being the same should be the only evidence.
The role of the first family is the same.
The same is true of the Tachigawa family.
The two countries are the same.
The same is true of the Shibata family.
The North is the same, and the North is the same.
The two countries are the same.
The Shibata family, who are not in the same country,
I see.
The two countries are the same.